misc: align Olares positioning and improve readability (#87)
beclab/docs: docs/manual/docs-home.md

# Olares documentation
:::info Note
We're updating our documentation to reflect the rebranding. While you may see different interface labels in screenshots, all features
and procedures remain the same.
:::
## What is Olares?

> Olares (formerly known as Terminus) is an open-source cloud operating system built for local AI. It turns your hardware into a private, scalable, and AI-ready environment, making it easy to host AI-powered applications, self-manage services, or collaborate securely with your team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Olares (formerly known as Terminus) is an open-source sovereign cloud operating system built for local AI. It turns your hardware into a private, scalable, and AI-ready environment, making it easy to run local AI applications, self-host services, manage files, or collaborate securely with your team.
```
